well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again
so Tim Apple Tim Cook to everybody else
the CEO of Apple just blew president
Trump's trade war wide open completely
exposed to expose the rhetoric for what
it is in one dinner Friday night Tim
Cook went and sat down with the
president at the president's golf club
and explained to him that it was really
hard for Apple to compete with companies
like Samsung who aren't involved in the
trade war because Apple has to pay the
tariffs on the components it's importing
from China yes the American company pays
the tariffs not the Chinese and that
makes it hard to compete it's not fair
the President Trump said that he made a
compelling argument and so he's thinking
about it
where was that consideration for the
American farmer
American farmer in Iowa the soy farmer
who was having to compete with Brazilian
farmers who aren't involved in the trade
war
I guess that consideration is only given
to people who are worth one hundred
million dollars or more somebody who can
go to the president's golf club and sit
down have a dinner because when the
American farmer said the same thing and
had the same problem and lost their
family farm which in most cases those
also their family home well the
Secretary of Agriculture said that they
were whiners it's just the cost of
making America great right this is a
crystal clear example of president
Trump's entire administration the
rhetoric oh that's for us commoners the
policies that's for people whose net
worth has nine figures after it one
dinner and President Trump is
reconsidering
thousands of farmers in trouble well
that doesn't matter because President
Trump was never a representative of the
American worker that was just rhetoric
it was just stuff he said to get people
to follow him it's it it's all it was
he's not there to make America great
he's there to feather his own nest to
collect as many favors from other rich
guys as he can to deal him out so when
he gets out office those favors can be
repaid and to milk the American taxpayer
out every dime he cam by constantly
going to his own resorts that's
president Trump's administration he
doesn't care about you he never did and
he never will anyway it's just a fall
y'all have a good night